# Double-Feedback-XOR-Chain-for-secure-Scan-architecture
A double feedback XOR based scan chain structure with a PUF based key-gen system is designed for secure scan architecture.
Scan Chain Technique is the most proven, robust, and predominant technique in design for testability because of its higher controllability and observability. Though the scan chain techniques increase the testability of the design, it has their cons in the security feature. Scan chain based testing designs can be easily attacked and the design data can be easily obtained by doing reverse engineering on scan out data.  In today's Semiconductor Industry, Security has been the widely discussed topic and the biggest challenge. The motivation of the attackers is to obtain sensitive and confidential information about the product. Various secure scan designs have been proposed to prevent such side channel attacks as flipped scan technique, XOR scan methodology and so on. But cryptanalysis done on each of these designs proved that the security is not powerful as expected. This paper proposes a secure scan architecture by incorporating the existing double feedback XOR based secure scan architecture combined with ring oscillator based physically unclonable functions. The new architecture is compared with the existing methodologies concerning the aspects of security, challenges in testing and test time. It was found that the fault coverage metrics remains the same in comparison to the existing methodology. The improvement in security was observed in terms of Hamming distance and the proposed methodology offers 40% improvement over the conventional scan architectures. This comes with a trade-off in terms of area overhead. However the increase in the area overhead is less than 10% which is negligibly small.
